[MUSIC]
In this module, we'll talk about
libraries, Arduino, software libraries.
So one of the great things
about Arduino is that
you have these libraries that you can
use which make the hardware simple.
So you don't have to understand all of
the complicated details about the hardware
component that you wanna access, you
can just use the library functions, and
you can invoke those library
functions in your sketch, and
it will use the hardware appropriately.
So it makes it easier on the user,
or on the developer.
So we will talk about these libraries,
we'll some of these libraries,
a few of them will.
There are many, many libraries, so
we can't go through all of them.
But we'll show libraries that control some
of the components on the Arduino, EEPROM,
and the I2C communication, and so forth.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]